eCare Terms of Use
=========
Read the following Terms of Use before using the eCare website.
​
1. eCare is a program offered and operated by Florida Hospital and its affiliates (hereinafter, “we” or “us”) using the video platform offered by eVisit LLC.  eCare arranges for medical care by licensed and board-certified medical providers in the states of Florida, Missouri, Kansas, and Maryland ("Providers"). eCare provides access to non-emergency medical care related to common health concerns through video-based or telephonic encounters that we refer to as “Virtual Visits”. We have contracted with eVisit LLC for the technology services and intellectual property to offer these Virtual Visits.
​
2. eVisit LLC is not a healthcare provider and takes no part in your medical diagnosis or treatment. eVisit LLC operates the eCare website which facilitates access to healthcare services delivered by licensed healthcare providers through us.
​
3. Do not use eCare for emergency medical needs. eCare is not appropriate to address emergency or life-threatening medical conditions, and should not be used in such circumstances. **IF YOU BELIEVE YOUR SITUATION INVOLVES A MEDICAL EMERGENCY, IMMEDIATELY CALL 911 OR GO TO A HOSPITAL EMERGENCY ROOM. ECARE OR THE PROVIDERS MAY REFER YOU TO AN EMERGENCY ROOM OR ANOTHER APPROPRIATE FACILITY AT ANY TIME.**
​
4. To use eCare and receive an appointment for a Virtual Visit, you must meet the following requirements:

You are 18 years of age or older. A parent or legal guardian may request an appointment on behalf of minor children and/or dependents. However, eCare will not arrange a Virtual Visit for any minor, even if such minor is legally authorized to consent to such treatment, without the minor’s parent or legal guardian participating in the scheduling and eCare account creation.

You are currently located in the State of Florida, Missouri, Kansas or Maryland.  Virtual Visits are only provided to individuals in these states.

Your browser meets the minimum requirements (variant limitations may apply): (i) Google Chrome v41 or above; (ii) Firefox v40 or above; (iii) Android 4.3 or above.
​
5. Your privacy is of the utmost importance. Any use or disclosure of your health information through this website is described under our Notice of Privacy Practices available at [website link here].

The following Privacy Policy applies to information ***other than your health information*** that is collected in the course of your use of eCare:  

We use the personal information collected from you to enable the features you are using and provide the services that you request. We might also use the information to request your feedback; to improve the service; to provide you with advance notice of events; or to tell you about new or additional service offerings. Except as described in this Privacy Policy or as specifically requested by you, neither us nor our service providers (such as eVisit LLC) will disclose, rent, or sell any personal information it gathers from you to any third parties outside of its affiliates and contractors.

In the course of using eCare, there are times when you may choose to share your personal information.

User Information. You provide us with personal information, such as your name and email address when you use eCare.

Contacting Us. If you communicate with us, we or our service provider may ask you for information such as your name and email address in order to respond to your questions and comments or to help you with your account. If you choose to correspond with us via email, we may retain the content of your email messages, your email address and our response to you. In certain cases, and only with your express permission, we may post content from your emails to our websites.

Surveys and Market Research. We are committed to constantly improving our services. To support this commitment we may occasionally ask users of our site to complete online surveys, or to participate in online or in-person feedback meetings. If you choose to participate in one of these activities we may ask you to submit personal information. The information you submit may be used to measure of the effectiveness of our website, services and content and we may ask for your permission to share your feedback publicly via our third party survey partners.

Device Information. In the course of using eCare, we collect information about your use of the website and related software applications.  For example, when you visit our website or use a mobile application, we may collect information regarding your visit from your computer or mobile device. Such information helps us to determine information about how you found our site, the date that you visited, and what search engine may have led you to our website. 

Log Data. When you use the eCare website or an application, our systems may automatically record information from your computer or device, its software, and your activity on our site. This may include the Internet Protocol address, browser type, the web page visited before you came to our website, information you search for on our website, identification numbers associated with your devices, your internet service provider or mobile carrier, date and time stamps associated with transactions, system configuration information, and other interactions with our service.

Cookies. We may use “cookies” on or in connection with our website to collect and maintain information about you. A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. We may use cookies to make the website more convenient, to better understand how you interact with our site, and to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing. 

Web Beacons. We may also use web beacons (also called clear GIFs or pixel tags) in our website and in our communications with you. This is typically a one-pixel, transparent image located on a web page or in an e-mail or other type of message, which helps us to verify an individual’s viewing or receipt of a web page or message. Web beacons allow us to know whether you have viewed a web page prior to visiting our website and may enable us to relate such information to other information, including your personal information. We typically use web beacon collected information to enable more accurate reporting, improve the effectiveness of our marketing, and make eCare better for our users. 

We may use certain trusted third party companies, such as eVisit LLC, and individuals to help us provide, analyze, and improve our services (including but not limited to maintenance services, database management, web analytics and payment processing). These third parties may have access to your information only for purposes of performing these tasks on our behalf and are under obligations similar to those in this Privacy Policy.

We may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or subpoena, or if we believe that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the law, comply with a judicial or court order or comply with legal process served on us; (b) protect and defend our rights and property; or (c) act under circumstances to protect the safety of users of our website, us, or third parties.

If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your information may be transferred as part of that transaction. In that case we will notify you if it becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy. 

When you are on the eCare website you may have the opportunity to visit or link to other websites, including websites operated by unaffiliated third parties. These websites may collect personal information about you, and because this Privacy Policy does not address the information practices of those other websites, you should review the privacy policies of such other websites to see how they treat your personal information.

We take information security seriously. We use technical, physical and operational safeguards to preserve the security of your personal information, both when it is transmitted to us and when we receive it. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our website, we encrypt the transmission of that information using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. Video streams used for patient webcam visits are encrypted and are not recorded or stored. No method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee absolute security of your personal information.

This Privacy Policy in Section 5 may change from time to time. In the event there are changes in the way we treat your personal information, we will display a notice on the eCare website and/or send you an email so that you may review the changed terms prior to continuing to use the site. By continuing to use the eCare services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.

If you have any questions or comments about our Privacy Policy in this Section 5 please contact us by physical mail at [2600 Westhall Lane Box 300, Maitland, FL 32751].
​
6. You agree that you are financially responsible for any fees incurred from receiving a Virtual Visit or other health care services received pursuant to eCare.  By using eCare, you are authorizing us to charge your credit card for the full amount due from you with respect to your Virtual Visit.  Please note that we may seek reimbursement from your health plan after your Virtual Visit, but we are not required to do so. Also, we are not permitted to seek reimbursement for Virtual Visits from Medicare or Medicaid and there will be no attempt to collect our fees from Medicare or Medicaid. You are fully responsible for the cost of your Virtual Visit if you are a Medicare or Medicaid beneficiary.

You understand that this authorization to bill your credit card or debit card (including any other accepted payment mechanism) will remain in effect until you cancel it in writing, and you agree to notify us in writing of any changes in your account information. In the case of an ACH Transaction being rejected for Non-Sufficient Funds (NSF), you understand that we may at our discretion attempt to process the charge again at any time within 30 days. You acknowledge that the origination of ACH transactions to your account must comply with the provisions of U.S. law.  You certify that you are an authorized user of this credit card/bank account and will not dispute these scheduled transactions with your bank or credit card company, so long as the transactions correspond to the charges for the healthcare you received.
​
7. You agree that we may send to you in electronic form any privacy or other notices, disclosures, reports, documents, communications or other records regarding the services. We can send you electronic notices: (1) to the e-mail address that you provided to us during registration, or (2) by posting the notice on the applicable service or otherwise through the website. The delivery of any notice from us is effective when sent by us, regardless of whether you read the notice.
​
8. You understand and agree that you are personally responsible for your behavior on the website. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless us, eVisit LLC, and our and its subsidiaries, affiliated companies, joint ventures, business partners, sub-contractors, providers, licensors, employees, agents, and any third-party information providers from and against all claims, losses, expenses, damages and costs (including, but not limited to, direct, incidental, consequential, exemplary and indirect damages), and reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from or arising out of your use of, or inability to use, the website, your use of eCare services, or any violation by you of this Agreement.
​
9. All of the content featured or displayed on the website, is owned by us, eVisit LLC, and their licensors, vendors, agents and/or content providers. All elements of the website, including without limitation the general design and the content, are protected by trade dress, copyright, moral rights, trademark and other laws relating to intellectual property rights. The services and the website may only be used for the intended purpose for which the website and services are being made available. Except as permitted by copyright law, you may not modify any of the materials nor may you copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any information or work contained on the website. You may not use, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, distribute, or modify our trademarks in any way, including in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of materials on the website, without our prior written consent. 

We make no representation as to the completeness, accuracy or currency of any information on the eCare website. 

From time to time, the website may contain links to web sites that are not owned, operated or controlled by us. All such links are provided solely as a convenience to you. Neither we nor any of our respective affiliates endorse, guarantee, or make any representations or warranties regarding any other web sites, or any content, materials or other information located or accessible from any other web sites, or the results that you may obtain from using any other web sites.

Unless expressly stated in this Agreement to the contrary, nothing herein is intended to confer any rights or remedies on any other persons other than you and us. 
​
10. You agree that you will not: (i) take any action that imposes, or may impose in our sole discretion an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; (ii) interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the site or any activities conducted on the website; or (iii) bypass any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the website.
​
11. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOUR USE OF THE ECARE WEBSITE IS PROVIDED TO YOU "AS IS" AND “AS AVAILABLE” WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. WE MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT THE ECARE WEBSITE WILL BE AVAILABLE OR UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, 100% SECURE, OR ERROR FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS, IF ANY, WILL BE CORRECTED. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR TRANSMISSION ERRORS OR CORRUPTION OR COMPROMISE OF DATA CARRIED OVER LOCAL OR INTERCHANGE TELECOMMUNICATION CARRIERS.

We will take all reasonable precautions to protect against failure of our equipment and software. You are at all times responsible for your technology, such as your device and internet service provider, used to access the eCare services. You acknowledge and agree that temporary interruptions in service may occur, and that we shall have no liability for any loss or expense arising from or relating to your use of the eCare services. 

Failure to exercise or delay in exercising any right hereunder, or failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of this Agreement, shall not be considered waiver thereof, which can only be made by signed writing. No single waiver shall be considered a continuing or permanent waiver.  The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and in the event any provision hereof is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions, but such provision shall be reformed, if reasonably possible, only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable.
​
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each of the parties and the parties’ respective successors and permitted assigns. By visiting the website or accessing eCare services, you agree that the laws of the State of Florida, without regard to principles or conflict of laws, will govern this Agreement and any dispute that might arise between you and us. Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to the website or eCare services made available through the website will be adjudicated in state or federal court in the State of Florida and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts.

[v20160121]